            Jake Derkowski  ~   COSC 2347 - Special Topics  
                    Homework2   ~   Program Design
        
Goal: 
    Print and calculate the area of the trapezoid which is generated from the input
    of the user.
    
Steps:
    The area of a Trapezoid is given by the formula: 
        A = (Base1 + Base2) * Height * (1/2),
    therefore, we must have all of variables in order to perfrom the calculation.
    
    1.) Get input from user.
            Input for Base 1 must be recieved and verified first because the validity
            of base 2 depends on the value of base 1.
            
            for accuracy, a do-while loop should be used to check the following
            conditions:
            
            1. Ask for input
            2. check input against the conditions (return value True/False)
            3. if condtion is met, break and continue program
                if conditions are not met print reason why
                    (   1. not in range 
                        2. is a even number
                        3. is not large enough (only for base 2).   )

    2.) The value of height must be calculated:
        number of rows = (base2 - base1)
        this gives the number of rows after the base2 (bottom_base); therefore,
        the height of the trapezoid is : number of rows + 1
            this value will be gathered from a function returning height as an 
            integer, and will later be used in calculating the area.
            

    3.) all of the values necessary for the Area formula have now be collected,
    verified, and stored appropriately. For this calculation to done, a generic 
    trapezoid function will be created using the variables of the formula as it's
    parameters.
    
    4.) The other goal of this program is to print the user's trapezoid which requires
    an input for the charachter in which the trapezoid will be printed with. The print
    -ing of this should be done using nested for loops. One of the for loops willl be 
    responsiple for the spacing of each line, and the other will be for the symbols be-
    ing printed.
    
    5.) Before displaying the printed trapezoid and it's area, i have added an additional
    step that prints the values of the dimensions that are used in the calculation to pre-
    sent to the user that the correct values are being used and to show that the height value
    has been generated for them.
    
    6.) call the void function that prints the trapezoid.
    
    7.) call the generic area of trapezoid function, save to variable, print it out clearly 
    for the user to see and understand.
    
  
